Feature (#1)
certilremy/restauran-page: README.md

#  Restaurant page Js
Restaurant page is a Simple project to display data to page from javaScript object. 

<p align="center">
    <img src="final.png">
</p>

> ## Live version of the production comming soon

Reviewer: Kindly add a live link

### Feature Currently available:

* Switch page to see data

## Tech used 
* Html
* CSS (Bootstrap)
* JavaScript

## External library 

* Webpack
* css-loader
* file-loader

## Using the app in development 
Clone this repo (you need Node js installed in your computer).
```
$ git clone git@github.com:certilremy/restaurant-page.git
```

 Change to the app directory 
 
 ```
$ cd restaurant-page
 ```

   And run 

```
$ npm install 
```

> To start the server you don't need other special server you can go to the project folder ans click the index.html or install live server extention if you're using vsCode

Reviewer: I think you should add instruction on how to build the files with webpack. 🤔

## Author 

* Certil Remy    Github : https://github.com/certilremy
## Contribution 

If you want to contribute to this project you're welcome .

> Follow the github code of conduite fork this repot and open your pull request. 

Reviewer: I think you should fix this typo 
```suggestion
Follow the github code of conduct, fork this repo and open your pull request. 
```
